Add refs to ShareAdd.jl and PackageMaker.jl (#137)
modernjuliaworkflows/modernjuliaworkflows.github.io: sharing/index.md

```

Then, you simply need to push this new folder to the remote repository <https://github.com/myuser/MyAwesomePackage.jl>, and you're ready to go.

> The steps described above, including creation of a GitHub repo and pushing your project to it, can also be comfortably done with the help of [PackageMaker.jl](https://github.com/Eben60/PackageMaker.jl), which is a GUI wrap around [PkgTemplates.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/PkgTemplates.jl) with a couple features of it's own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps described above, including creation of a GitHub repo and pushing your project to it, can also be comfortably done with the help of [PackageMaker.jl](https://github.com/Eben60/PackageMaker.jl), which is a graphical wrapper around [PkgTemplates.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/PkgTemplates.jl) with a couple features of its own.
```

```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
